all right so I just wanted to do a
little video a demonstration of the
problem that I'm having I'm contacting
Photoshop and Wacom butter this weekend
so I probably won't get any kind of
response until Monday which sucks
because I'm trying to do Photoshop
homework and it's not really working
this only happens in Photoshop and I've
updated all the drivers
I have restarted Peter I have disabled
the window PC tablet settings as it
worked for some people I have shifted my
Cintiq from the far left to the far
right because that had worked for some
people I have done everything that I
could find on the Internet
I posted to forums and I don't know
what's going on so here is let's see
this is at a hundred and nineteen
percent I'm just gonna take it doesn't
matter what brush so I just have this
talking kind of brush and here is my one
which turned out pretty nice at one
hundred and eighteen percent I believe
it was it looks pretty good now if I
keep the exact same it's on five pixels
I'm zoom out to a full canvas which is
about twenty five twenty eight percent
right now and I know a lot of people
will work from looking at a full canvas
so we can do sketches and everything
else I'm taking it and doing the exact
same design you can already see from
this that looks weird so then you go to
zoom in and sure enough become crappy
those lines are I've turned off the snap
settings I cut off my rulers I have
changed brushes done standard Photoshop
brushes brushes for brush packs and I
have no idea what's going on so if you
know anything that could help or if I'm
doing something wrong
please tell me
there anything at this point would be
really helpful thank you